src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Cupid Docs
description: Home page for Cupid's beginner guide.
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Cupid Docs
  - tag: style
    content: |
      .hero-html {
        --size: 12rem;
        font-size: var(--size);
        justify-content: center;
        line-height: var(--size);
      }
template: splash
editUrl: false
lastUpdated: false
hero:
  tagline: Cupid Paradise is a Anime RPG style bot where you can enjoy battling with favorite cards from different anime series, games, etc. Join up raid lobbies, fight floor battles and more!
  image:
    alt: Card Gallery
    file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sethispr/cupid-test/refs/heads/main/src/assets/IMG_1338.png
  actions:
    - text: Get Started
      link: intro/section
      icon: open-book
    - text: Support Server
      link: https://discord.com/invite/Yvvnm39PpB
      icon: discord
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Next Steps

<CardGrid stagger>
  <Card title="Invite Link" icon="external">
    Invite Cupid using their [Oauth2
    link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=930688392247775313&permissions=140123695168&scope=bot).
  </Card>
  <Card title="Configure your server" icon="setting">
    Customize your server to set [drop/raid network
    channels](https://sethispr.github.io/cupid-test/server-setup/drops/).
  </Card>
  <Card title="Check the new Cupid website" icon="rocket">
    Check out the [new official Cupid website](https://cupidparadise.top) to see
    raids, card dex, your card inventory and more!
  </Card>
  <Card title="Vote for Cupid" icon="heart">
    Vote for Cupid through the [rank.top
    website](https://rank.top/bot/cupidparadise/vote) to get free rewards and
    limited items!
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

Update documentation for Blair bot

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Blair Docs
description: Home page for Blair's beginner guide.
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Blair Docs
  - tag: style
    content: |
      .hero-html {
        --size: 12rem;
        font-size: var(--size);
        justify-content: center;
        line-height: var(--size);
      }
template: splash
editUrl: false
lastUpdated: false
hero:
  tagline: Blair is a F2P Anime TCG bot where you can enjoy collecting your favorite character cards from different anime series, games, etc. Trade your cards, customize and more!
  image:
    alt: Card Gallery
    file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sethispr/cupid-test/refs/heads/main/src/assets/IMG_5524.png
  actions:
    - text: Get Started
      link: intro/section
      icon: open-book
    - text: Official Server
      link: https://discord.com/invite/aGZay2PhDp
      icon: discord
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Next Steps

<CardGrid stagger>
  <Card title="Invite Link" icon="external">
    Invite Blair using our [Oauth2
    link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=%201120429051404877945&scope=bot%20applications.commands&permissions=2147871744).
  </Card>
  <Card title="Customize your profile card" icon="setting">
    Create or customize your profile using the `bprofile` command.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Join the official server" icon="rocket">
    Check out the [official Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/aGZay2PhDp) to trade with others or flex your cards :)
  </Card>
  <Card title="Vote for Blair" icon="heart">
    Support us by voting through the [top.gg
    website](https://top.gg/bot/1120429051404877945), you also get free rewards and
    limited cards!
  </Card>
</CardGrid>
